Creds management (#53)
fredrikhgrelland/terraform-nomad-hive: example/standalone-user-provided-creds/README.md

# Standalone example with user provided credentials

> 
> User provides credentials for `minio` and `postgres` database via input variables of modules. See next section, [modules in use](#modules-in-use).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an example of a standalone Hive that implement user provided credentials for Minio and Postgres via input variables.

```

> Hive is deployed as one instance in [hivemetastore mode](../../docker/bin/hivemetastore).
> At the startup hive will attempt to create required tables in postgres database, if tables are exist, this step will be skipped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hive is deployed as one instance in [hivemetastore mode](../../docker/bin/hivemetastore).
At the startup, Hive will attempt to create the required tables in the Postgres database, and if tables exist, this step will be skipped.
```
